doc: Merges CLOUDP-274025 docs & examples branch - DONT MERGE YET (#3079)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/advanced_clusters (preview provider v2).md

> # Data Source: mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters (Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2)

Reviewer: Throughout the documentation, it is said "(Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2)" this seems unclear, as in does it refer to v2 of the provider or this resource/data source?

Author: as in the next sentence: 
```
This doc is for the **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2** of `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters`
```

It refers to how adv_cluster will be when we publish provider v2.  What wording do you suggest here?

Reviewer: I think we can simply use `v2 Preview` throughout. 
Do we call out anywhere in the documentation about future publishing of the v2 version of the provider

Author: we had some discussions over the internal doc and we decided be explicit and mention all the words, `provider` in this case.  

For example only saying `v2 preview` can bring some confusion, if it refers to a second version of adv_cluster, if it will be adv_cluster_v2 different resource name, etc.

Reviewer: alright, thanks for the clarification. If possible, can you share that thread with me when you get a chance?

Author: sent offline

> `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` describes all Advanced Clusters by the provided project_id. The data source requires your Project ID.

Reviewer: isn't this sentence redundant?

Author: this is not part of the PR, it's copying existing doc, but ok to change / delete, what would you have here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters` returns all Advanced Clusters by the provided project_id (required). 
```

Reviewer: we can wait for docs but I think this should suffice

Author: thanks, changed here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3079/commits/63d6017b9bf873ee72d92e9e4575ca7bdc8718d6

> This doc is for the **Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2** of `mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters`, doc for current version can be found [here](./advanced_cluster). In order to enable the Preview, you must set the enviroment variable `MONGODB_ATLAS_PREVIEW_PROVIDER_V2_ADVANCED_CLUSTER=true`, otherwise the current version will be used.

Reviewer 2: n00b question: should the [here] link point to the TF (future) official doc or is it correct to be `./advanced_cluster`?

Author: TL;DR; these are similar to relative links that we'll go to docs in the current provider docs version so we avoid possible broken links if we reference the latest docs.

it will do that as they're in the same URL folder (you can check it works in my provider).

the only caveat (that is on purpose) is that it will be for the current provider version, not the latest one, but I think it's ok as you'll go to the "companion" adv_cluster doc, if you're in the latest doc, you'll see the latest doc for the link as well.    (this prevent for instance broken links in the future if we change filenames between versions)

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; Changes to cluster configurations can affect costs. Before making changes, please see [Billing](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/billing/).
<br> &#8226; If your Atlas project contains a custom role that uses actions introduced in a specific MongoDB version, you cannot create a cluster with a MongoDB version less than that version unless you delete the custom role.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "example" {
  project_id   = "<YOUR-PROJECT-ID>"
  name         = "cluster-test"
  cluster_type = "REPLICASET"

  replication_specs = [{
    region_configs = [{
      electable_specs = {
        instance_size = "M0"
      }
      provider_name         = "TENANT"
      backing_provider_name = "AWS"
      region_name           = "US_EAST_1"
      priority              = 7
    }]
  }]
}

data "mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters" "example" {
  project_id = mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster.example.project_id
}
```

**NOTE:** There can only be one M0 cluster per project.

> ## Example using latest sharding configurations with independent shard scaling in the cluster

Reviewer 2: Since this is "the new" advanced_cluster, should we stop making differences about pre- and post- ISS and only document the post- since it's the going forward path?

Tagging @themantissa as I think this is a good decision to take together

Author: @marcosuma that is true for customers going from cluster to advanced_cluster.   However customers being already in advanced_cluster wanting to try preview 2.0.0 might have pre ISS clusters.  

So at the moment i would keep the doc for pre-ISS and post-ISS in the 2.0.0 resource doc as well.

Reviewer 2: ok noted

> # Data Source: mongodbatlas_advanced_clusters (Preview for MongoDB Atlas Provider v2)

Reviewer 3: would the same comments as on advanced_cluster (preview provider v2).md also apply here?

Author: I think so, changes here: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3079/commits/398f231cb92f65b7694c0a12cfa75e97bc0a9408
